Add some clarifications to README.md in the database schema directory (#6615)
matrix-org/synapse: synapse/storage/data_stores/main/schema/full_schemas/README.md

# Synapse Database Schemas

> These schemas are used to set up a brand new Synapse DB on both SQLite3 and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These schemas are used as a basis to create brand new Synapse databases, on both SQLite3 and
```

> Postgres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postgres.
```

## Building full schema dumps

If you want to recreate these schemas, they need to be made from a database that
has had all background updates run.

To do so, use `scripts-dev/make_full_schema.sh`. This will produce new
`full.sql.postgres ` and `full.sql.sqlite` files. 

Ensure postgres is installed and your user has the ability to run bash commands
such as `createdb`, then call

    ./scripts-dev/make_full_schema.sh -p postgres_username -o output_dir/

> 

Reviewer: triple-backtick works fine here, but :man_shrugging:

Author: it saves a line of code and is better readeable if not parsed

> There are two folders with full-schema snapshots `16` is a snapshot from 2015,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently two folders with full-schema snapshots. `16` is a snapshot from 2015,
```

> for historical reference, and one folder with most recent database-schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for historical reference. `54` is currently the most recent full schema snapshot.
```

Author: I'll change it to "The other contains the most recent full
schema snapshot." so we wouldn't have to change the Readme every time, we update the schema

Reviewer: but this will be wrong next time we create a full schema... :man_shrugging:

Author: Why is this wron the next time? "the other" is always the latest, isn't it?

Reviewer: yes, but then there will be three folders.

Reviewer: the point is: we're going to have to update this paragraph next time we create a full schema anyway, so we may as well be clear which folders we are talking about.

# Building full schema dumps

These schemas need to be made from a database that has had all background

> updates run. The schemas are used at ...

Reviewer: at ... ?

Author: the question is, why is this schema here in the repo? Is it used somewhere? Or just for information if someone is looking into the database structure?

Reviewer: how do you think synapse sets up its database?

To do so, use `scripts-dev/make_full_schema.sh`. This will produce
`full.sql.postgres ` and `full.sql.sqlite` files. It generates SQL files for
creating a brand new Synapse DB with the latest schema, on both SQLite3 and

> Postgres. It does so by having Synapse generate an up-to-date SQLite DB, then

Reviewer: do we need this here as well as in the comments in the script itself? Having it in two places feels like a recipe for it getting out of date.

Author: I think, this readme is the right place for such information, maybe we can delete the info in the script top, but this especially doesent seem like some text that gets outdated

Reviewer: I'm afraid I disagree. How it works is irrelevant here.

running synapse_port_db to convert it to Postgres. It then dumps the contents of
both.

Ensure postgres is installed and your user has the ability to run bash commands
such as `createdb`.

```
./scripts-dev/make_full_schema.sh -p postgres_username -o output_dir/
```

The exported database structure has to be cleared of obsolete tables:

> Delete the CREATE statements for "sqlite_stat1", "schema_version", "applied_schema_deltas", and "applied_module_schemas".

Reviewer: delete from where? I don't think this is correct.

> There are two folders `16` and `54` which contain ...

Reviewer: which contain... ?

I assume you're referring to the directories in https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/tree/master/synapse/storage/data_stores/main/schema/full_schemas.

54 is the most recent full-schema snapshot. 16 is a snapshot from 2015 or so, for historical reference,
